projects/yellow_pages/index.md, before:

<!--suppress CssUnusedSymbol, JSUnusedLocalSymbols -->
<style>
/* Navigation Menu Styles */
#nav-menu {
  position: fixed;
  top: 0;
  left: 0;
  width: 100%;
  background: linear-gradient(135deg, #3464e1 0%, #764ba2 100%); /* Navbar color */
  color: white;
  padding: 15px 0; /* Navbar height */
  z-index: 1000;
  display: flex;
  justify-content: space-between; /* Space between items */
  align-items: center; /* Vertically align items */
  box-shadow: 0 4px 8px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.2);
}

h1, h2 {
  color: #6951af !important;
}

code .nx,
code .n,
code .py,
code .p {
  color: #24292e !important;
}

.language-plaintext.highlighter-rouge > .highlight > pre.highlight > code {
  color: #24292e !important;
}

code.language-plaintext.highlighter-rouge {
  color: #EB5757 !important;                 /* strong red text */
  border-radius: 4px;                        /* rounded corners */
  padding: 0.2em 0.4em;                      /* small breathing space */
}

.image-row {
  display: flex;
  overflow-x: auto;
  border: 2px solid #ccc;
  padding: 6px;
  border-radius: 8px;
  gap: 5px;
  align-items: flex-start;
}

.image-item {
  width: 240px !important;
  height: auto !important;
  display: block !important;
  flex-shrink: 0 !important;
}

.linked-image {
  display: block !important;
  flex-shrink: 0 !important;
}

.markdown-body {
    font-family: -apple-system, BlinkMacSystemFont, 'Segoe UI', 'Roboto', 'Helvetica Neue', Arial, sans-serif !important;
    font-weight: 400 !important;
    word-break: normal !important;
    overflow-wrap: break-word !important;
    letter-spacing: 0.02em !important;
    line-height: 1.6 !important;
    font-size: 16px !important;
}

#nav-menu a {
  color: white;
  text-decoration: none;
  margin: 0 14px;
  font-weight: bold;
  font-size: 14px;
  transition: color 0.3s ease;
}

#nav-menu > div:first-child a {
  font-size: 13px;
  margin: 0 7px;
  padding: 5px 11px;
  border-radius: 20px;
  background: rgba(255, 255, 255, 0.1);
  transition: all 0.3s ease;
  font-weight: 700; /* Increase from bold to 700 */
  -webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; /* Better text rendering */
  -moz-osx-font-smoothing: grayscale;
}

#nav-menu > div:first-child a.active {
  background: linear-gradient(135deg, #f093fb 0%, #f5576c 100%);
  color: white;
  transform: translateY(-1px);
}

#nav-menu > div:first-child a:hover {
  background: linear-gradient(135deg, #f093fb 0%, #f5576c 100%);
  color: white;
}

/* Home button styles */
#home-button {
  color: white;
  text-decoration: none;
  font-weight: 700;
  font-size: 13px;
  padding: 5px 11px;
  border-radius: 50%; /* Changed from 20px to make it circular */
  background: rgba(255, 255, 255, 0.1);
  transition: all 0.3s ease;
  -webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased;
  -moz-osx-font-smoothing: grayscale;
  margin-right: 10px;
  display: inline-flex;
  align-items: center;
  justify-content: center;
}

#home-button:hover {
  background: linear-gradient(135deg, #f093fb 0%, #f5576c 100%);
  color: white;
  transform: translateY(-1px);
}

#home-button svg {
  width: 16px;
  height: 22px;
  fill: currentColor;
}

/* Adjust content padding for the fixed navbar */
body {
  padding-top: 50px; /* Adjusted for taller navbar */
}

/* Hamburger Menu (Toggle Button) */
#nav-menu-toggle {
  display: none;
  cursor: pointer;
  font-size: 18px;
  margin-right: 20px; /* Move to the right */
  z-index: 1100; /* Ensure toggle is above menu items */
}

/* Navigation Links */
#nav-links {
  display: flex;
  flex-wrap: wrap;
  padding-right: 20px;
}

@media (max-width: 768px) {
  #nav-links {
    display: none; /* Hide links initially on mobile */
    flex-direction: column;
    align-items: center;
    background: linear-gradient(135deg, #3464e1 0%, #764ba2 100%); /* Match navbar background */
    width: 100%;
    position: absolute;
    top: 60px; /* Space below navbar */
    left: 0;
    padding: 15px 0; /* Add spacing around links */
    z-index: 1000; /* Ensure it doesn't overlap the toggle button */
  }

  #nav-links.active {
    display: flex; /* Show links when active */
  }

  #nav-links a {
    margin: 15px 0; /* Added vertical spacing */
  }

  #nav-menu-toggle {
    display: block; /* Show hamburger menu */
  }
}
</style>

<div id="nav-menu">
  <!-- Home button first -->
  <div style="margin-left: 20px; display: flex; align-items: center;">
    <a href="/" id="home-button">
      <svg viewBox="0 0 24 24" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg">
        <path d="M12 3l9 7.5v10.5h-6v-6h-6v6H3V10.5L12 3z"/>
      </svg>
    </a>
    <a href="/projects/yellow_pages">EN</a>
    <a href="/kr/projects/yellow_pages">KR</a>
  </div>

<span id="nav-menu-toggle">☰</span>
  <div id="nav-links">
    <!-- Navigation Links will be dynamically populated -->
  </div>
</div>

<script>
  document.addEventListener("DOMContentLoaded", function () {
    const navLinksContainer = document.getElementById("nav-links");
    const toggle = document.getElementById("nav-menu-toggle");
    const headings = document.querySelectorAll("h2");

    // Remove auto-generated H1 heading completely to avoid spacing issues
    const autoGeneratedH1 = document.querySelector("h1:first-of-type");
    if (autoGeneratedH1) {
      autoGeneratedH1.remove();
    }

    // Create navigation links dynamically, excluding subheadings (###)
    headings.forEach((heading, index) => {
      if (heading.tagName === "H3") return; // Skip ### subheadings

      // Create a clean title without emojis for the nav bar
      const cleanText = heading.textContent.replace(/[\u{1F300}-\u{1FAF6}]/gu, '').trim();

      // Create an ID for each heading if not already present
      if (!heading.id) {
        heading.id = "section-" + index;
      }

      // Create navigation link
      const navLink = document.createElement("a");
      navLink.href = "#" + heading.id;
      navLink.textContent = cleanText;
      navLinksContainer.appendChild(navLink);
    });

    // Add click event for hamburger toggle
    toggle.addEventListener("click", () => {
      navLinksContainer.classList.toggle("active");
    });

    // Adjust scroll behavior to account for fixed navbar height
    const adjustScroll = (e, href) => {
      e.preventDefault();
      const target = document.querySelector(href);
      if (target) {
        window.scrollTo({
          top: target.offsetTop - 75, // Offset for navbar height
          behavior: 'smooth'
        });
      }
    };

    // Handle nav bar links
    document.querySelectorAll('#nav-links a').forEach(anchor => {
      anchor.addEventListener('click', function (e) {
        adjustScroll(e, this.getAttribute('href'));
        navLinksContainer.classList.remove('active'); // Collapse the dropdown
      });
    });

    // Handle all markdown links with hash anchors
    document.querySelectorAll('a[href^="#"]').forEach(anchor => {
      anchor.addEventListener('click', function (e) {
        adjustScroll(e, this.getAttribute('href'));
      });
    });

    // Fix EN/KR active states based on current page
    function updateLanguageButtons() {
      const currentPath = window.location.pathname;
      const enButton = document.querySelector('a[href="/projects/yellow_pages"]');
      const krButton = document.querySelector('a[href="/kr/projects/yellow_pages"]');
      
      // Remove active class from both buttons first
      if (enButton) enButton.classList.remove('active');
      if (krButton) krButton.classList.remove('active');
      
      // Check for KR pages first (more specific)
      if (currentPath.includes('/kr')) {
        if (krButton) krButton.classList.add('active');
      } 
      // Then check for EN pages (root, index, etc.)
      else {
        if (enButton) enButton.classList.add('active');
      }
    }

    function updateHomeButton() {
      const currentPath = window.location.pathname;
      const homeButton = document.getElementById('home-button');
      
      if (homeButton) {
        if (currentPath.includes('/kr')) {
          homeButton.href = '/kr';
        } else {
          homeButton.href = '/';
        }
      }
    }

    // Update buttons on page load
    updateLanguageButtons();
    updateHomeButton();
    
    // Update buttons when navigation occurs (for SPAs)
    window.addEventListener('popstate', function() {
      updateLanguageButtons();
      updateHomeButton();
    });
  });
</script>

<div style="position: relative; margin-bottom: 40px;">

<img src="https://capsule-render.vercel.app/api?type=waving&color=gradient&height=300&section=header&fontSize=45&animation=fadeIn&fontAlignY=38&desc=&descAlignY=51&descAlign=62" alt="Header" style="display: block; width: 100%; height: auto; margin: 0; padding: 0; border-radius: 8px;" />

<div style="position:absolute;left:40px;bottom:-10px;width:80px;height:80px;background:white;border-radius:20px;display:flex;align-items:center;justify-content:center;box-shadow:0 2px 6px rgba(0,0,0,0.15);">
<img src="../../images/yellow_pages/app_icon.png" alt="Project Icon" style="max-width:80%;max-height:80%;object-fit:contain;" />
</div>

</div>

# Yellow Pages Android App

## 📝 Overview
**📌 App Introduction:** Mobile business directory app for Cuba's telecommunications company combining business search with essential telecom services  
**🕒 Duration:** April 2019 ~ May 2020  
**📱 Platform:** Android native app  
**🏢 Company:** ETECSA (Cuba's national telecommunications company)  
**👥 Team Size:** 2 developers (1 for main app, 1 for AR module)  
**💼 Role:** Lead Android app developer (excluding AR module)  
**🛠️ Key Technologies:** `Android` `Java` `SQLite` `VTM Maps` `WebView` `JavaScript` `SharedPreferences` `JUnit` `Apache HTTP Client`  
**🔗 GitHub:** [daehan-lim/cuban-yellow-pages](https://github.com/daehan-lim/cuban-yellow-pages)

<div style="display: flex; overflow-x: auto; border: 2px solid #ccc; padding: 6px; border-radius: 8px;">
  <img src="../../images/yellow_pages/1_home.png" width="240" style="margin-right: 5px;" alt="Home screen"/>
  <img src="../../images/yellow_pages/2_green_pages.png" width="240" style="margin-right: 5px;" alt="Green pages screen"/>
  <img src="../../images/yellow_pages/3_informative_pages.png" width="240" style="margin-right: 5px;" alt="Informative pages screen"/>
  <img src="../../images/yellow_pages/4_internet.png" width="240" style="margin-right: 5px;" alt="Internet screen"/>
  <img src="../../images/yellow_pages/5_long_distance.png" width="240" style="margin-right: 5px;" alt="Long distance screen"/>
  <img src="../../images/yellow_pages/6_advertisement.png" width="240" alt="Advertisement screen"/>

</div>
<span style="display: block; height: 11px;"></span>

## 📖 Project Background

Cuba's expensive internet data rates and unstable network connectivity severely limited mobile accessibility to existing websites. The web-based directory required constant online connection, preventing offline information access and failing to leverage native mobile device capabilities like business location visualization and direct call functionality. Citizens faced particular challenges accessing government service information and telecommunications data offline. Recognizing these limitations, ETECSA identified the need for a mobile phone directory solution that would minimize data usage through offline functionality and mobile optimization while maintaining access to official data sources.

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white)
[![Android SDK](https://img.shields.io/badge/Android%20SDK-3DDC84?style=for-the-badge&logo=android&logoColor=white)](https://developer.android.com)
![SQLite](https://img.shields.io/badge/sqlite-%2307405e.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=sqlite&logoColor=white)
![VTM Maps](https://img.shields.io/badge/VTM%20Maps-4A90E2?style=for-the-badge)
[![WebView](https://img.shields.io/badge/WebView-4285F4?style=for-the-badge&logo=android&logoColor=white)](https://developer.android.com/reference/android/webkit/WebView)
[![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)](https://www.w3.org/html/)
[![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)](https://www.w3.org/Style/CSS/)
[![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript)
[![SharedPreferences](https://img.shields.io/badge/SharedPreferences-4CAF50?style=for-the-badge)](https://developer.android.com/training/data-storage/shared-preferences)
![Gradle](https://img.shields.io/badge/Gradle-02303A.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Gradle&logoColor=white)
[![JUnit](https://img.shields.io/badge/JUnit-25A162?style=for-the-badge&logo=junit5&logoColor=white)](https://junit.org)
[![Apache HTTP](https://img.shields.io/badge/Apache%20HTTP%20Client-D22128?style=for-the-badge&logo=apache&logoColor=white)](https://hc.apache.org/httpcomponents-client-ga/)
![Material Design](https://img.shields.io/badge/Material%20Design-%234285F4.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=material-design&logoColor=white)

## 🌟 Key Contributions
- Implemented real-time phone directory search system using enterprise-grade APIs
- Developed offline location services through embedded map file-based vector mapping system
- Built offline access and automatic background synchronization for government service information and telecommunications data
- Created responsive search interface with dynamic filtering and efficient pagination
- Optimized stability and user experience through comprehensive unit, UI, and compatibility testing

## 🚀 Results and Impact
- Developed the telecommunications company's first mobile directory app, winning national computer engineering competition
- Achieved 85% reduction in data usage through offline vector mapping system
- Improved synchronization success rate from 65% to 98% in unstable network environments by implementing chunk-based transmission system

## 🌱 Problem Solving

**Data Synchronization in Unstable Network Environments**

- **Problem Situation**
  - Data synchronization success rate with server reached only 65% during beta testing
  - Repeated situations where synchronization failures required starting from scratch, causing significant user frustration
  - High data costs deterred users from attempting synchronization altogether
- **Root Cause Analysis**
  - **Network log analysis**: Discovered that attempting to transmit large data sets in single requests was the primary failure cause in unstable network environments
  - **User feedback collection**: Confirmed that progress reset upon transmission failure was the biggest user complaint
- **Solution Process**
  - **Chunk-based data transmission**: Implemented data segmentation into 500KB chunks for transmission
  - **Progress preservation**: Used SQLite to store transmission status of each chunk, maintaining progress even after failures
  - **Automatic retry mechanism**: Implemented automatic retry based on network status using `WorkManager`
  - **Failure handling**: Immediately switched to local cache when network failures occurred to ensure user experience continuity
- **Final Results**  
  Improved synchronization success rate to 98% and significantly enhanced user satisfaction through reduced data consumption and offline usage support

<br><br><br>

Commit message:

feat: Fix yellow pages translation

projects/yellow_pages/index.md, after:

<!--suppress CssUnusedSymbol, JSUnusedLocalSymbols -->
<style>
/* Navigation Menu Styles */
#nav-menu {
  position: fixed;
  top: 0;
  left: 0;
  width: 100%;
  background: linear-gradient(135deg, #3464e1 0%, #764ba2 100%); /* Navbar color */
  color: white;
  padding: 15px 0; /* Navbar height */
  z-index: 1000;
  display: flex;
  justify-content: space-between; /* Space between items */
  align-items: center; /* Vertically align items */
  box-shadow: 0 4px 8px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.2);
}

h1, h2 {
  color: #6951af !important;
}

code .nx,
code .n,
code .py,
code .p {
  color: #24292e !important;
}

.language-plaintext.highlighter-rouge > .highlight > pre.highlight > code {
  color: #24292e !important;
}

code.language-plaintext.highlighter-rouge {
  color: #EB5757 !important;                 /* strong red text */
  border-radius: 4px;                        /* rounded corners */
  padding: 0.2em 0.4em;                      /* small breathing space */
}

.image-row {
  display: flex;
  overflow-x: auto;
  border: 2px solid #ccc;
  padding: 6px;
  border-radius: 8px;
  gap: 5px;
  align-items: flex-start;
}

.image-item {
  width: 240px !important;
  height: auto !important;
  display: block !important;
  flex-shrink: 0 !important;
}

.linked-image {
  display: block !important;
  flex-shrink: 0 !important;
}

.markdown-body {
    font-family: -apple-system, BlinkMacSystemFont, 'Segoe UI', 'Roboto', 'Helvetica Neue', Arial, sans-serif !important;
    font-weight: 400 !important;
    word-break: normal !important;
    overflow-wrap: break-word !important;
    letter-spacing: 0.02em !important;
    line-height: 1.6 !important;
    font-size: 16px !important;
}

#nav-menu a {
  color: white;
  text-decoration: none;
  margin: 0 14px;
  font-weight: bold;
  font-size: 14px;
  transition: color 0.3s ease;
}

#nav-menu > div:first-child a {
  font-size: 13px;
  margin: 0 7px;
  padding: 5px 11px;
  border-radius: 20px;
  background: rgba(255, 255, 255, 0.1);
  transition: all 0.3s ease;
  font-weight: 700; /* Increase from bold to 700 */
  -webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; /* Better text rendering */
  -moz-osx-font-smoothing: grayscale;
}

#nav-menu > div:first-child a.active {
  background: linear-gradient(135deg, #f093fb 0%, #f5576c 100%);
  color: white;
  transform: translateY(-1px);
}

#nav-menu > div:first-child a:hover {
  background: linear-gradient(135deg, #f093fb 0%, #f5576c 100%);
  color: white;
}

/* Home button styles */
#home-button {
  color: white;
  text-decoration: none;
  font-weight: 700;
  font-size: 13px;
  padding: 5px 11px;
  border-radius: 50%; /* Changed from 20px to make it circular */
  background: rgba(255, 255, 255, 0.1);
  transition: all 0.3s ease;
  -webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased;
  -moz-osx-font-smoothing: grayscale;
  margin-right: 10px;
  display: inline-flex;
  align-items: center;
  justify-content: center;
}

#home-button:hover {
  background: linear-gradient(135deg, #f093fb 0%, #f5576c 100%);
  color: white;
  transform: translateY(-1px);
}

#home-button svg {
  width: 16px;
  height: 22px;
  fill: currentColor;
}

/* Adjust content padding for the fixed navbar */
body {
  padding-top: 50px; /* Adjusted for taller navbar */
}

/* Hamburger Menu (Toggle Button) */
#nav-menu-toggle {
  display: none;
  cursor: pointer;
  font-size: 18px;
  margin-right: 20px; /* Move to the right */
  z-index: 1100; /* Ensure toggle is above menu items */
}

/* Navigation Links */
#nav-links {
  display: flex;
  flex-wrap: wrap;
  padding-right: 20px;
}

@media (max-width: 768px) {
  #nav-links {
    display: none; /* Hide links initially on mobile */
    flex-direction: column;
    align-items: center;
    background: linear-gradient(135deg, #3464e1 0%, #764ba2 100%); /* Match navbar background */
    width: 100%;
    position: absolute;
    top: 60px; /* Space below navbar */
    left: 0;
    padding: 15px 0; /* Add spacing around links */
    z-index: 1000; /* Ensure it doesn't overlap the toggle button */
  }

  #nav-links.active {
    display: flex; /* Show links when active */
  }

  #nav-links a {
    margin: 15px 0; /* Added vertical spacing */
  }

  #nav-menu-toggle {
    display: block; /* Show hamburger menu */
  }
}
</style>

<div id="nav-menu">
  <!-- Home button first -->
  <div style="margin-left: 20px; display: flex; align-items: center;">
    <a href="/" id="home-button">
      <svg viewBox="0 0 24 24" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg">
        <path d="M12 3l9 7.5v10.5h-6v-6h-6v6H3V10.5L12 3z"/>
      </svg>
    </a>
    <a href="/projects/yellow_pages">EN</a>
    <a href="/kr/projects/yellow_pages">KR</a>
  </div>

<span id="nav-menu-toggle">☰</span>
  <div id="nav-links">
    <!-- Navigation Links will be dynamically populated -->
  </div>
</div>

<script>
  document.addEventListener("DOMContentLoaded", function () {
    const navLinksContainer = document.getElementById("nav-links");
    const toggle = document.getElementById("nav-menu-toggle");
    const headings = document.querySelectorAll("h2");

    // Remove auto-generated H1 heading completely to avoid spacing issues
    const autoGeneratedH1 = document.querySelector("h1:first-of-type");
    if (autoGeneratedH1) {
      autoGeneratedH1.remove();
    }

    // Create navigation links dynamically, excluding subheadings (###)
    headings.forEach((heading, index) => {
      if (heading.tagName === "H3") return; // Skip ### subheadings

      // Create a clean title without emojis for the nav bar
      const cleanText = heading.textContent.replace(/[\u{1F300}-\u{1FAF6}]/gu, '').trim();

      // Create an ID for each heading if not already present
      if (!heading.id) {
        heading.id = "section-" + index;
      }

      // Create navigation link
      const navLink = document.createElement("a");
      navLink.href = "#" + heading.id;
      navLink.textContent = cleanText;
      navLinksContainer.appendChild(navLink);
    });

    // Add click event for hamburger toggle
    toggle.addEventListener("click", () => {
      navLinksContainer.classList.toggle("active");
    });

    // Adjust scroll behavior to account for fixed navbar height
    const adjustScroll = (e, href) => {
      e.preventDefault();
      const target = document.querySelector(href);
      if (target) {
        window.scrollTo({
          top: target.offsetTop - 75, // Offset for navbar height
          behavior: 'smooth'
        });
      }
    };

    // Handle nav bar links
    document.querySelectorAll('#nav-links a').forEach(anchor => {
      anchor.addEventListener('click', function (e) {
        adjustScroll(e, this.getAttribute('href'));
        navLinksContainer.classList.remove('active'); // Collapse the dropdown
      });
    });

    // Handle all markdown links with hash anchors
    document.querySelectorAll('a[href^="#"]').forEach(anchor => {
      anchor.addEventListener('click', function (e) {
        adjustScroll(e, this.getAttribute('href'));
      });
    });

    // Fix EN/KR active states based on current page
    function updateLanguageButtons() {
      const currentPath = window.location.pathname;
      const enButton = document.querySelector('a[href="/projects/yellow_pages"]');
      const krButton = document.querySelector('a[href="/kr/projects/yellow_pages"]');
      
      // Remove active class from both buttons first
      if (enButton) enButton.classList.remove('active');
      if (krButton) krButton.classList.remove('active');
      
      // Check for KR pages first (more specific)
      if (currentPath.includes('/kr')) {
        if (krButton) krButton.classList.add('active');
      } 
      // Then check for EN pages (root, index, etc.)
      else {
        if (enButton) enButton.classList.add('active');
      }
    }

    function updateHomeButton() {
      const currentPath = window.location.pathname;
      const homeButton = document.getElementById('home-button');
      
      if (homeButton) {
        if (currentPath.includes('/kr')) {
          homeButton.href = '/kr';
        } else {
          homeButton.href = '/';
        }
      }
    }

    // Update buttons on page load
    updateLanguageButtons();
    updateHomeButton();
    
    // Update buttons when navigation occurs (for SPAs)
    window.addEventListener('popstate', function() {
      updateLanguageButtons();
      updateHomeButton();
    });
  });
</script>

<div style="position: relative; margin-bottom: 40px;">

<img src="https://capsule-render.vercel.app/api?type=waving&color=gradient&height=300&section=header&fontSize=45&animation=fadeIn&fontAlignY=38&desc=&descAlignY=51&descAlign=62" alt="Header" style="display: block; width: 100%; height: auto; margin: 0; padding: 0; border-radius: 8px;" />

<div style="position:absolute;left:40px;bottom:-10px;width:80px;height:80px;background:white;border-radius:20px;display:flex;align-items:center;justify-content:center;box-shadow:0 2px 6px rgba(0,0,0,0.15);">
<img src="../../images/yellow_pages/app_icon.png" alt="Project Icon" style="max-width:80%;max-height:80%;object-fit:contain;" />
</div>

</div>

# Yellow Pages Android App

## 📝 Overview
**📌 App Introduction:** Mobile business directory app for Cuba's telecommunications company combining business search with essential telecom services  
**🕒 Duration:** April 2019 ~ May 2020  
**📱 Platform:** Android native app  
**🏢 Company:** ETECSA (Cuba's national telecommunications company)  
**👥 Team Size:** 2 developers (1 for main app, 1 for AR module)  
**💼 Role:** Lead Android app developer (excluding AR module)  
**🛠️ Key Technologies:** `Android` `Java` `SQLite` `VTM Maps` `WebView` `JavaScript` `SharedPreferences` `JUnit` `Apache HTTP Client`  
**🔗 GitHub:** [daehan-lim/cuban-yellow-pages](https://github.com/daehan-lim/cuban-yellow-pages)

<div style="display: flex; overflow-x: auto; border: 2px solid #ccc; padding: 6px; border-radius: 8px;">
  <img src="../../images/yellow_pages/1_home.png" width="240" style="margin-right: 5px;" alt="Home screen"/>
  <img src="../../images/yellow_pages/2_green_pages.png" width="240" style="margin-right: 5px;" alt="Green pages screen"/>
  <img src="../../images/yellow_pages/3_informative_pages.png" width="240" style="margin-right: 5px;" alt="Informative pages screen"/>
  <img src="../../images/yellow_pages/4_internet.png" width="240" style="margin-right: 5px;" alt="Internet screen"/>
  <img src="../../images/yellow_pages/5_long_distance.png" width="240" style="margin-right: 5px;" alt="Long distance screen"/>
  <img src="../../images/yellow_pages/6_advertisement.png" width="240" alt="Advertisement screen"/>

</div>
<span style="display: block; height: 11px;"></span>

## 📖 Project Background

ETECSA operated a Yellow Pages website for business and contact directory services, but Cuba's high internet costs and unreliable network connections severely limited mobile accessibility to this web-based platform. The website required constant connectivity, preventing offline access to information and missing opportunities to use native mobile features like offline mapping and direct calling. Users struggled to access directory information and government services without reliable internet access. ETECSA needed a mobile-first phone directory solution that could leverage their existing directory data and minimize data consumption.

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white)
[![Android SDK](https://img.shields.io/badge/Android%20SDK-3DDC84?style=for-the-badge&logo=android&logoColor=white)](https://developer.android.com)
![SQLite](https://img.shields.io/badge/sqlite-%2307405e.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=sqlite&logoColor=white)
![VTM Maps](https://img.shields.io/badge/VTM%20Maps-4A90E2?style=for-the-badge)
[![WebView](https://img.shields.io/badge/WebView-4285F4?style=for-the-badge&logo=android&logoColor=white)](https://developer.android.com/reference/android/webkit/WebView)
[![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)](https://www.w3.org/html/)
[![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)](https://www.w3.org/Style/CSS/)
[![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript)
[![SharedPreferences](https://img.shields.io/badge/SharedPreferences-4CAF50?style=for-the-badge)](https://developer.android.com/training/data-storage/shared-preferences)
![Gradle](https://img.shields.io/badge/Gradle-02303A.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Gradle&logoColor=white)
[![JUnit](https://img.shields.io/badge/JUnit-25A162?style=for-the-badge&logo=junit5&logoColor=white)](https://junit.org)
[![Apache HTTP](https://img.shields.io/badge/Apache%20HTTP%20Client-D22128?style=for-the-badge&logo=apache&logoColor=white)](https://hc.apache.org/httpcomponents-client-ga/)
![Material Design](https://img.shields.io/badge/Material%20Design-%234285F4.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=material-design&logoColor=white)

## 🌟 Key Contributions
- Successfully developed Cuba's first Yellow Pages Android app, implementing a hybrid system combining online business searches with offline capabilities
- Developed offline location services using embedded vector maps
- Implemented automated background synchronization for offline government service content, using chunk-based transmission
- Built responsive search interface with dynamic filtering and efficient pagination
- Optimized stability and user experience through comprehensive unit, UI, and compatibility tests

## 🚀 Results and Impact
- Reduced data usage by 85% through offline vector mapping
- Improved synchronization success rate from 65% to 98% in unstable network environments by implementing chunk-based transmission

## 🌱 Problem Solving

**Data Synchronization in Unstable Network Conditions**

- **Problem**
  - Data synchronization success rate with server reached only 65% during beta testing
  - Synchronization failures required complete restart, causing significant user frustration
  - High data costs deterred users from attempting synchronization altogether
- **Root Cause Analysis**
  - **Network log Analysis**: Found that attempts to transmit large volumes of data in a single transfer were the main cause of failure in unstable network conditions
  - **User Feedback Collection**: Identified that the biggest complaint was progress being reset to the beginning whenever data transfer failed
- **Solution Process**
  - **Chunk-based data transfer**: Split large data into 500KB segments for transmission
  - **Progress tracking**: Used SQLite to save the transfer state of each chunk, preserving progress through failures
  - **Automatic retry mechanism**: Implemented network-aware automatic retry logic using `WorkManager`
- **Results**  
  Increased synchronization success rate to 98% and significantly improved user satisfaction

<br><br><br>
